# engg1340-project-proposal


# Identification of the team members:
 Leung Pak Hong 3035838016
 
 
 # Introduction
Have you even want to have an adventure in your computer !!! In here, you can play a great adventure and the chance to fight with monsters.

# Description
We have two difficulty for user, easy mode contain 5 round of battle and difficult mode contain 10 round battle. When the battle start, you can choose paper rock  or scissors to asginst monster. If you win, you can damage monster's HP. However, if you lose, your HP will damaged. Once monster or your HP is less or equal to zero, battle will be stop. After you defeat monster, you have certain chance can get a treasure box, which contains green heart for restoring your HP or Weapon to increase your basic kill in following round. If you defeat all the monsters, then you will win the game. GOOD LUCK !!!

# coding requirements

1.Generation of random game sets or events
All treasure box will be generated by random. For example, green heart will contain random HP and weapon will randomly be proivded within the box. Furthermore, the harm caused either human or monsters will following this ramdom rule to some part of compute deamges.

2.Dynamic memory management
User's information such as name,weapon and weapon basic kill will be stored struct and assigned for Dynamic memory. Once player finished this game, Dynamic memory for this part will be delated

3.Program codes in multiple files
Some functions will be store in other .cpp files. For example, harm calculation

4.Proper indentation and naming styles
All varieables are readable and have suitable indentation

5.In-code documentation
All code and functions have have a in-code documentation to explain what it's do, input and ouput

# Quick start
excute file have been provided for you. You can simply download it and run this program by using ./main command
